make provider configs clear (#342)
streamnative/pulsar-io-cloud-storage: README.md

### Cloud Storage sink connector configuration

#### Storage Provider: AWS S3

| Name                            | Type    | Required | Default      | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
|---------------------------------|---------|----------|--------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `provider`                      | String  | True     | null         | The Cloud Storage type, such as `aws-s3`,`s3v2`(s3v2 uses AWS client but not jcloud client).                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `provider`                      | String  | True     | null         | The Cloud Storage type, such as `aws-s3`,`s3v2`(`s3v2` uses the AWS client but not the JCloud client).                                                                                                                     |
```

| `bucket`                        | String  | True     | null         | The Cloud Storage bucket.                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| `formatType`                    | String  | False    | "json"       | The data format type. Available options are JSON, Avro, Bytes, or Parquet. By default, it is set to JSON.                                                                                                        |
| `partitionerType`               | String  | False    | "partition"  | The partitioning type. It can be configured by topic partitions or by time. By default, the partition type is configured by topic partitions.                                                                    |
| `timePartitionPattern`          | String  | False    | "yyyy-MM-dd" | The format pattern of the time-based partitioning. For details, refer to the Java date and time format.                                                                                                          |

> | `timePartitionDuration`         | String  | False    | "86400000"   | The time interval for time-based partitioning, support formatted interval string, such as `30d`, `24h`, `30m`, `10s`, also support number in milliseconds precision, such as `86400000` refers to `24h` or `1d`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `timePartitionDuration`         | String  | False    | "86400000"   | The time interval for time-based partitioning. Support formatted interval string, such as `30d`, `24h`, `30m`, `10s`, and also support number in milliseconds precision, such as `86400000` refers to `24h` or `1d`. |
```

| `batchSize`                     | int     | False    | 10           | The number of records submitted in batch.                                                                                                                                                                        |
| `batchTimeMs`                   | long    | False    | 1000         | The interval for batch submission.                                                                                                                                                                               |
| `sliceTopicPartitionPath`       | Boolean | False    | false        | When it is set to `true`, split the partitioned topic name into separate folders in the bucket path.                                                                                                             |
| `withMetadata`                  | Boolean | False    | false        | Save message attributes to metadata.                                                                                                                                                                             |

> | `useHumanReadableMessageId`     | Boolean | False    | false        | Use human-readable format string for messageId in message metadata, the messageId will be in format like `ledgerId:entryId:partitionIndex:batchIndex`. Otherwise, the messageId will be in Hex-encoded string.   |

Reviewer: -
```suggestion
| `useHumanReadableMessageId`     | Boolean | False    | false        | Use a human-readable format string for messageId in message metadata. The messageId is in a format like `ledgerId:entryId:partitionIndex:batchIndex`. Otherwise, the messageId is a Hex-encoded string.   |
```

> | `withTopicPartitionNumber`      | Boolean | False    | true         | When it is set to `true`, include topic partition number to the object path.                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `withTopicPartitionNumber`      | Boolean | False    | true         | When it is set to `true`, include the topic partition number to the object path.                                                                                                                                     |
```

| `bytesFormatTypeSeparator`      | String  | False    | "0x10"       | It is inserted between records for the `formatType` of bytes. By default, it is set to '0x10'. An input record that contains the line separator looks like multiple records in the output object.                |

> | `pendingQueueSize`              | int     | False    | 100          | The number of records buffered in queue, by default it will always be `batchSize * 10`, and it can be set manually.                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `pendingQueueSize`              | int     | False    | 100          | The number of records buffered in queue. By default, it is `batchSize * 10`. You can set it manually.                                                                                              |
```

> | `useHumanReadableSchemaVersion` | Boolean | False    | false        | Use a human-readable format string for schema version in the message metadata. If it is set to `true`, the schema version is in plain string format. Otherwise, the schema version is in hex-encoded string.     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `useHumanReadableSchemaVersion` | Boolean | False    | false        | Use a human-readable format string for the schema version in the message metadata. If it is set to `true`, the schema version is in plain string format. Otherwise, the schema version is in hex-encoded string format.     |
```

| `skipFailedMessages`            | Boolean | False    | false        | Configure whether to skip a message which it fails to be processed. If it is set to `true`, the connector will skip the failed messages by `ack` it. Otherwise, the connector will `fail` the message.           |

#### Storage Provider: Google Cloud Storage

| Name                              | Type    | Required | Default      | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
|-----------------------------------|---------|----------|--------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `provider`                        | String  | True     | null         | The Cloud Storage type, google cloud storage only support `google-cloud-storage` provider.                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `provider`                        | String  | True     | null         | The Cloud Storage type. Google cloud storage only support `google-cloud-storage` provider.                                                                                                                       |
```

> | `gcsServiceAccountKeyFilePath`    | String  | False    | ""           | Path to the GCS credentials file. If empty, the credentials file will be read from the `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` environment variable.                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `gcsServiceAccountKeyFilePath`    | String  | False    | ""           | Path to the GCS credentials file. If empty, the credentials file are read from the `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` environment variable.                                                                    |
```

| `bucket`                          | String  | True     | null         | The Cloud Storage bucket.                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| `formatType`                      | String  | False    | "json"       | The data format type. Available options are JSON, Avro, Bytes, or Parquet. By default, it is set to JSON.                                                                                                        |
| `partitionerType`                 | String  | False    | "partition"  | The partitioning type. It can be configured by topic partitions or by time. By default, the partition type is configured by topic partitions.                                                                    |
| `timePartitionPattern`            | String  | False    | "yyyy-MM-dd" | The format pattern of the time-based partitioning. For details, refer to the Java date and time format.                                                                                                          |

> | `timePartitionDuration`           | String  | False    | "86400000"   | The time interval for time-based partitioning, support formatted interval string, such as `30d`, `24h`, `30m`, `10s`, also support number in milliseconds precision, such as `86400000` refers to `24h` or `1d`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `timePartitionDuration`           | String  | False    | "86400000"   | The time interval for time-based partitioning. Support formatted interval string, such as `30d`, `24h`, `30m`, `10s`, and also support number in milliseconds precision, such as `86400000` refers to `24h` or `1d`. |
```

| `batchSize`                       | int     | False    | 10           | The number of records submitted in batch.                                                                                                                                                                        |
| `batchTimeMs`                     | long    | False    | 1000         | The interval for batch submission.                                                                                                                                                                               |
| `sliceTopicPartitionPath`         | Boolean | False    | false        | When it is set to `true`, split the partitioned topic name into separate folders in the bucket path.                                                                                                             |
| `withMetadata`                    | Boolean | False    | false        | Save message attributes to metadata.                                                                                                                                                                             |

> | `useHumanReadableMessageId`       | Boolean | False    | false        | Use human-readable format string for messageId in message metadata, the messageId will be in format like `ledgerId:entryId:partitionIndex:batchIndex`. Otherwise, the messageId will be in Hex-encoded string.   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `useHumanReadableMessageId`       | Boolean | False    | false        | Use a human-readable format string for messageId in message metadata. The messageId is in a format like `ledgerId:entryId:partitionIndex:batchIndex`. Otherwise, the messageId is a Hex-encoded string.   |
```

> | `withTopicPartitionNumber`        | Boolean | False    | true         | When it is set to `true`, include topic partition number to the object path.                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `withTopicPartitionNumber`        | Boolean | False    | true         | When it is set to `true`, include the topic partition number to the object path.                                                                                                                                      |
```

| `bytesFormatTypeSeparator`        | String  | False    | "0x10"       | It is inserted between records for the `formatType` of bytes. By default, it is set to '0x10'. An input record that contains the line separator looks like multiple records in the output object.                |

> | `pendingQueueSize`                | int     | False    | 100          | The number of records buffered in queue, by default it will always be `batchSize * 10`, and it can be set manually.                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `pendingQueueSize`                | int     | False    | 100          | The number of records buffered in queue. By default, it is `batchSize * 10`. You can set it manually.                                                                                             |
```

> | `useHumanReadableSchemaVersion`   | Boolean | False    | false        | Use a human-readable format string for schema version in the message metadata. If it is set to `true`, the schema version is in plain string format. Otherwise, the schema version is in hex-encoded string.     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `useHumanReadableSchemaVersion`   | Boolean | False    | false        | Use a human-readable format string for the schema version in the message metadata. If it is set to `true`, the schema version is in plain string format. Otherwise, the schema version is in hex-encoded string format.      |
```
